README.md, before:

# Bamazon

This is an imaginary app that was made to display a virtual store and prompts users for their purchase decisions, all while simplifying the need for user prompts.

#### Display for MySQL Database in Node.JS console

1.  This will show the user all the available choices within the database and clear the console to avoid too much clutter on start of app.
![sampleStart](/assets/images/startpage.PNG)

#### Inquirer for serving Optimal Information

2.  Using (npm) Inquirer, it lowers the chance of possible crashes in the program, while optimizing how information will be presented to the user.
![samplePrompt](/assets/images/prompt.PNG)

#### Applying MySQL tables to present new values

3.  After all the prompts regarding the item, item price, and how many items the user requested, the console will spit out the total retail price of said item.
![samplePrice](/assets/images/price.PNG)

#### DEMO:

![sampleDemo](/assets/images/demo.gif)

#### Uses:
* Node.JS
* MySQL
* (npm) MySQL
* (npm) Inquirer
* (npm) Easy-Table

Commit message:

Update to readme and new image demo for BamazonManager

README.md, after:

# Bamazon

This is an imaginary app that was made to display a virtual store and prompts users for their purchase decisions, all while simplifying the need for user prompts.

#### Display for MySQL Database in Node.JS console

1.  This will show the user all the available choices within the database and clear the console to avoid too much clutter on start of app.
![sampleStart](/assets/images/startpage.PNG)

#### Inquirer for serving Optimal Information

2.  Using (npm) Inquirer, it lowers the chance of possible crashes in the program, while optimizing how information will be presented to the user.
![samplePrompt](/assets/images/prompt.PNG)

#### Applying MySQL tables to present new values

3.  After all the prompts regarding the item, item price, and how many items the user requested, the console will spit out the total retail price of said item.
![samplePrice](/assets/images/price.PNG)

#### DEMO of BamazonCustomer:

![sampleDemo](/assets/images/demo.gif)

#### DEMO of BamazonManager:

BamazonManager allows a new set of commands that allow the user to add more products/stock into the MySQL DataBase

![sampleManDemo](/assets/images/ManagerDemo.gif)

#### Uses:
* Node.JS
* MySQL
* (npm) MySQL
* (npm) Inquirer
* (npm) Easy-Table
